Exam Code:  

DB4b01a0


 
Yellow Belt Exam Do's and Don'ts

In preparation for the Yellow Belt exam, you'll need to adhere to the following details.

1.     Plagiarism or Working Together or Asking For Help in any fashion other than for file upload assistance is unacceptable and violates the Code of Conduct.

2.     Keep chatter on Mattermost to a minimum unless it is JavaScript related.

3.     Grading will be based on the following:

○      10-point scale

○      8.0 is a passing score

4.     24 hours to complete the exam

○      Once you click Start, you have 24 hours

○      Please take the exam no later than Monday (giving you an extra day for the holiday)

○      If you have trouble submitting your files, email them to me directly

5.     Use the following on the exam...

○      Your notes, the Learn platform, lecture recordings, your assignments, the web (w3schools, HTML Validator, Stack Overflow)

○      Relative pathing "images/profile.png" vs "file:///C:/Users/..."

○      A 'wrapper' element with a set width and margin: 0px auto;

○      Box model:

■      width, height, margin, padding, border

○      Display property:

■      inline, inline-block, block

■      vertical-align: top

○      Lego Concept

○      Outline (but remove it before submitting exam)

○      Position property (use it very sparingly)

6.     DO NOT USE the following on the exam...

○      Mattermost

○      Float

○      CSS Frameworks

○      Responsive Web Design (i.e. widths %)

7.     Points taken off for the following...

○      Divs with just one element in them (-.25)

○      Poor indentation (HTML) (-.25)

○      Poor CSS syntax (-.25)

○      Lack of alt attribute in img tag (USE THE HTML VALIDATOR!!!) (-.125 - 1)

○      Poor positioning

○      Poor sizing (doesn't have to be pixel-perfect)

○      Using classes and IDs too often. If you're putting an ID or class on every element, find another way.

8.     Do not pay attention to the font-family, but do pay attention to the font-size.

9.     Do not pay attention to exact colors or color gradients, get in the ballpark

10. Learn from this experience! Retakes are encouraged!